.TH pshellAggregator 1 "Sep 2012" "PSHELL" "PSHELL - Process Specific Embedded Command Line Shell"
.SH NAME
pshellAggregator - PSHELL UDP/UNIX client remote server aggregator program
.SH DESCRIPTION
This stand-alone client allows several remote UDP/UNIX pshell servers to be consolidated
into one interactive client shell.  There is a binary 'C' version as well as Python version.

This can be useful in presenting a consolidated user shell who's functionality spans
several discrete pshell servers.  Since this uses the PshellControl API, the external
servers must all be either UDP or Unix servers.  The consolidation point a local pshell
server.

This is a generic dynamic aggregator, i.e. it is server agnostic.  Servers can
be added to the aggregation via the 'add server' command either at startup via
the pshellAggregator.startup file or interactively via the interactive command
line.

This program can also create multicast groups commands via the 'add multicast' command
(also at startup or interactively).  The multicast commands can then be distributed
to multiple aggregated servers.

This program replaces the old, static, hard-wired, pshellAggregatorDemo.py program
which hard-coded the remote servers to aggregate.

The aggregation and multicast functionality can be useful to manually drive a set
of processes that use the pshell control mechanism as a control plane IPC.
.SH USAGE
Usage: pshellAggregator
.SH EXAMPLES
See the 'README' file that is distributed with this package for detailed instructions
on using this framework.
.SH SEE ALSO
pshell(1), PshellServer(3), PshellControl(3), TraceFilter(3), TraceLog(3)
.SH AUTHOR
Ron Iovine  --  github.com/RonIovine/pshell
